RESUME
New Vision Township
Plot No 360
Vengampakkam
Chennai -600048
Mobile: 9176568656
ARUN KUMAR . N                              		Mail    : arunkumar_0504@yahoo.com
Career OBJECTIVES:-
Seeking a challenging field and resplendent future in this competitive era where my skill set, my potentials and my acquired knowledge can be utilized at optimum level and I can make meaningful contribution and grow professionally
Academic record:
Programme	Institution	Board/University	Period
BSC Visual Communication	Annamalai university	Annamalai university	2021-2022
DIPLOMA	Thangamuthu Polytechnic College	Directorate of Technical Education	2005-2008
(E.C.E)
S.S.L.C	T.M.H.N.U Matric Higher Sec School.	Matric Board	2005
Work Experience:
Period	Company	Designation
July 2013 to till Date	Club Mahindra	Collection and  Credit Management (Senior Manager) Joined as off Roll collection Executive - Current Role Senior Manager .
July 2013 to till Date	Club Mahindra	Collection and  Credit Management (Senior Manager) Joined as off Roll collection Executive - Current Role Senior Manager .
July 2012 to June 2013	First Source Solution Pvt Ltd	Team Leader (Promoted in IJP)
July 2012 to June 2013	First Source Solution Pvt Ltd	Team Leader (Promoted in IJP)
Dec 2009 to July 2012	First Source Solution Pvt Ltd	Customer Care Service Executive (Airtel post paid collection)
Dec 2009 to July 2012	First Source Solution Pvt Ltd	Customer Care Service Executive (Airtel post paid collection)
Dec 2009 to July 2012	First Source Solution Pvt Ltd	Customer Care Service Executive (Airtel post paid collection)
Aug 2008 to Nov 2009	Adventity  BPO	Customer Care Service  Executive (ICICI Bank Credit card Tele collection)
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY :-
• Capable of working effectively with adverse group of people, friendly with an upbeat attitude and capable of successfully contributing to the organization.
• Highly trainable, fast learner. Adapt well to changes and pressures in the workplace. • Effective communicator, both oral and written.
• Ambitious and hardworking and committed to excellence.
Company Profile:
Club Mahindra –July 2013 to Till date
➢ Working as a Senior Collection Manager in Club Mahindra from July’13 to  till date
✓ Handling higher and Mid Bucket collection for Chennai & Coimbatore
✓ Strategic Planning & Execution.
✓ Develop and implement collection strategies to meet and exceed recovery targets for the region.
✓ Analyze Branch collection performance and adjust strategies to address emerging trends and issues.
✓ Collaborate with senior management to set collection goals aligned with overall business objectives.
✓ Lead, mentor, and manage a team of collection officers and supervisors, providing guidance, training, and support.
✓ Conduct regular performance reviews and provide actionable feedback to team members.
✓ Implementing collection policies and procedures to avoid excessive outstanding credit.
✓ Negotiating with high profile customers in cases when non-payment occurs.
✓ Ensure Collection Process and Legal guidelines are adhered to and Collections Code of Conduct is followed
First source ltd, Chennai-Dec 2009 to June 2013
Firstsource's deep domain expertise, technical innovation, process excellence and    Rightshoring model combine to deliver best in class solutions and make it a global leader in                                     providing business process outsourcing (BPO) services.
Job Responsibility:
Ensure the Team achieves the target on input metrics.
Monitor the Productivity and Performance of Individuals.
Control Attrition/Shrinkage.
Communication of Company/ Process/Product update to the team.
Participate in team reviews and meetings
Time to time feedback and coaching.
Motivate the team and ensure people connect
Handle escalation calls
Timely escalation on issues / anomalies to the reporting manager
Adventity BPO –August 2008 to November 2009
Adventity is a market leading full service KPO/BPO firm for the Banking & Financial Services and the Airlines & Travel industry, offering comprehensive & innovative knowledge services, transaction services and customer contact support solutions to clients across the globe.
SKILL SETS : -
Ability to make sessions participative and interactive, Team building experience, Ability to inspire, train, and develop people, good time management, Adaptive to organizational changes, Can create courteous, friendly, professional work environment. Ability to evaluate alternatives and decide on a plan of action.
ACHIEVEMENTS
Rajya puraskar award for scout
Punctuality award in  First source
Quality award in First source
Airtel award for quality and Best performer in First source
Best performer award in Adventity
Best Team leader in first source
Best Region Award in first source
Best BCM Award in FY’23
Best BCM 1st Runner up in FY’24
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s Name                                  : R.Nagaraj
Date of Birth                                    : 5th April 1990
Nationality                                        : Indian.
Marital Status                                   : Married .
Languages
Known                           : Tamil ,English & Kannada .
Permanent Address                          : NO 7/3/8 middle street,
Vayalpatty,
veerapandi
Theni (DT), Pin-625513.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above information furnished by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Chennai.
Date:
[Arun kumar]