Jitendra singh
Information Security Consultant
Top 6% Ranked on Tryhackme
Email —jitendrasingho71901@gmailcom Phone +91 7078261901 @ Fatehpur Jadoo chola Railway
near
-
station
As motivated and dedicated Information Technology student, objective is to leverage
a my career my
academic knowledge and passion for technology to contribute to dynamic organization. | aspire to develop
a
my skills in areas such as, cybersecurity, and network administration while callaborating with a team of
experienced professionals.
Summary
Working with a reputed CERT-IN Empanelled IT firm in VAPT of Web Application, Mobile Apps, Web
API's based on OWASP Tap -10 Guidelines.
3+ Years’ experience in Both Automated & Manual Security Testing.
Deployed at NIC Project, Information Security Consultant.
as a
Audited and Identified 100+ Web Applications at NIC (Cyber Security Division) for security
compliance and performance optimization.
150+ Web, Mobile Application & Web Service Security Project for Govt. and Private Sector.
Working with a reputed CERT-IN Empaneled IT firm Majority of work in the areas of Vulnerability
Assessment and Penetration Testing of Applications and their mitipations as per OWASP guicelines
and standards. Also to provide Cyber Security Solution to clients which helps them to understand,
predict and mitigate cyber risk.
Excellent Creative and Analytical skills with problem solving capabilities.
Hard Working and a Good Team Player.
Experience
AAA Technologies Ltd. (Information Security Consultant) May 2023 Present
-
[In Depth Invelvement in Security Audit/Vulnerability Assessment/Penetration Testing /Dynamic is
*
Application Security Testing (DAST) of Web Applications, Mobiles Applications and Web Services using
tools like Netsparker, Burpsuite, Metasploit, Sqlmap, Acunetix etc,
Experience in Static Application Security Testing (SAST) / Source Code Review by using like Syhunt
»
Tool etc.
Experience in Network Audit by using tool like Nessus etc.
Review Analysis and verification of Audited Applications.
Security Testing according to OWASP TOP 10 Security Risks.
Perform both Automated and Manual Testing of the application to find vulnerable part of the application.
Provide solution of the vulnerability and help users to fix the issue.
Handling the client query and providing them solution for patching the vulnerabilities.

Education
10th 2015
*
Keshav Madhav Saraswati
Vidya Mandir
2017
12th
*
Keshav Madhav Saraswati
Vidya Mandir
Bachelor of Technology(B.tech) in computer science 2022
«
Certification
EC-Council Certification Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH Practical]
«
-
Udemy online Certification- Ethical hacking for beginner
*
Udemy Online Certification Ethical hacking,
*
-
Technical Skills
Automation Testing Tools
»
Burp Suite, Acunetix, Wireshark, Soap Ul, Postman, Emulator, Genymotion, Nox, MOBSF, VCG, Nmap, SQLMAP,
Nikto, Nessus, NMAP, IBM AppScan
Application Tools
«
Burp Suite, Netsparker, Actinetix, CSRF Tester, Directory Buster, Nmap, SQLMAP,
Network Tools
«
Nessus, WMAP
Mobile App Tools
*
Genymotion, MOBSF, Dozer, dex2jar, apktool, adbshell
WebService Tools
«
Rest API, Postman, SOAP Ul
Operating System
«
Windows, Linux
Technology Experience (Security Assessment)
*
-Net, PHP, Java, CMS Based, Drupal, Joomla
PERSONAL DETAILS
Gender: Male
«
Date of Birth: 15 May 2000
«
Language: Hindi, English
«
Declaration
| hereby declare that the information given about is correct to the best of
« my
knowledge and belief.
Jitendra singh Date: