Jitendra singh

Information Security Consultant
Top 6% Ranked on Tryhackme

| temat - vtercrasinghis? 1901 malcom Phome . +91 7078261901 @ Fatehpur jadoo near chola Railway
station

As «a motivated and dedicated Information Technology student. my career objective is to leverage my
academi knowledge and passion for technology to contribute to a dynamic organization | aspire to develop
my skills in areas such as, cybersecurity, and network administration while collaborating with a team of
expenenced professionals.

Summary

« Working with a reputed CERT-IN Empanetied [T firm in VAPT of Web Application. Mobile Apps, Web
APT's based on OWASP Top -10 Guidelines.
3¢ Years experience in Both Automated & Manual Security Testing
Deployed at NIC Propect, as a Information Security Consultant.
« Audited and identified 100+ Web Applications at NIC (Cyber Security Division) for security
compliance and performance optimization
* 150+ Web, Mobile Application & Web Service Security Project for Govt. and Private Sector
Working with a reputed CERT-IN Empaneted IT firm Majority of work in the areas of Vulnerability
Assessment and Penetration Testing of Applications and their mitigations as per OWASP guidelines
and standards. Also to provide Cyber Security Solution to chents which helps them to understand.
predict and mitigate cyber risk.
* Excellent Creative and Analytical skills with problem solving capabilities
* Hard Working and a Good Team Player.

Experience

AAA Technologies Ltd. (Information Security Consultant) May 2023 - Present

¢ In Depth Involvement in Security Audit /Vulnerability Assessment /Penetration Testing/Dynamic is
Application Security Testing (DAST) of Web Applications, Mobiles Applications and Web Services using
tools like Netsparker, Burpsuite, Metasploit. Sqimap, Acunetix etc.

* Experience in Static Application Security Testing (SAST) / Source Code Review by using like Syhunt
Teel etc.

Expenence in Network Audit by using tool lier Newus etc

Review /Analysis and verific ation of Audited Applications

Security Testing according to OWASP TOP 10 Security Risks.

Perform both Automated and Manual Testing of the application to find vulnerable part of the application
Provide solution of the vulnerability and help users to fix the issue.

Handling the chent query and providing them solution for patching the vulnet abulities

* 10th
Keshav Madhav Saraswati
Vidya Mandir

* 12th
Keshav Madhav Saraswati
Vidya Mandir

¢ Bachelor of Technology(B.tech) in computer science 2022

Certification

Technical Skills

« EC-Council Certification - Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH Practical)
¢ Udemy online Certification. Ethical hacking for beginner
¢ Udemy Online Certification - Ethical hacking,

Automation Testing Tools

Nukto, Nessus. NMAP. IBM AppScan

Application Tools

Network Tools
Nessus. NMAP
Mobile App Toots

e Gender: Male

. Date of Birth: 15 May 2000
e Language: Hindi, English

¢ | hereby declare that the information given about is correct to the best of my
knowledge and belief.