security measures.
C-EDGE TECHNOLOGIES


tools.
Dynamic Flutter developer with 3+ years of experience in cross-platform


app development using Flutter and Dart. Proficient in UI/UX design,
responsive layouts, state management, and API integration. Skilled in
Cryptography, Ethical Hacking

creating high-performance, visually appealing apps for iOS and Android.
Seeking a challenging role to drive innovative mobile solutions


April 2021 - April 2023
Education


Sattva EngiTech PVT LTD


• Koomoo: KooMoo is a groundbreaking mental well-being app
fostering empathy through real-time mood sharing on a map. Users


express emotions and reasons, fostering community support.
KooMoo promotes understanding and encouragement, building a


System Engineer
analysts.
infrastructure.
effectiveness.
Sudanese Express: Sudanese Express is the simplest and most


convenient app for sending money from Europe to Sudan. With this
app, you can effortlessly transfer money to your loved ones in
relevant data for further investigation.
Feb - 2025 - Apr 2026
+91-9137827322

· Fujairah Government: The Fujairah Government's Department of
determine the scope of the attack.


smartphone app, offering information on job vacancies, training


programs, HR activities, and events. The app also provides agendas,
cause analysis, and lessons learned.

development of remediation plans.

April 2023 - April 2025
• Zulu Travel: Take the trip you can't stop sharing! Leverage global


emerging threats and vulnerabilities.
attractions, and food spots. Easily add posts to your trip plan with
one click and collaborate with friends. Be your best traveler and
build your best trip. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?
ABOUT ME
• Hcab user and driver : Efficiently book taxis with a user-friendly
app interface. Seamlessly track rides in real-time with precise
location updates. Secure payments ensure a hassle-free experience
EXPERIENCE
May 2023 - Feb 2025
Engineer


. NDRP (National Digital Recruitment Platform):The National
Digital Recruitment Platform (NDRP) is a centralized online system
developed to streamline recruitment for various government
examinations. It provides candidates with a single portal for One-
Time Registration (OTR), profile creation, exam applications, admit
card downloads, and scorecards/result, eliminating the need for
RISHABH RAI
• SVA (Smart Verification App) : Smart Verification App makes
candidate verification easier by capturing the candidate's live
photo at the exam center, along with photos of the OMR sheet and


Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science
+91-9321814580