Professional Summary
Knowledgeable and skilled Technical Leader has a keen ability for software development and supervision. Incorporates corporate objectives for project plans and releases. Brings a Master’s degree in Computer Application along with 14 years of experience on java platform working for large organizations.
My major technical skill set includes Java8, Java21, Servlet, JSP, Struts2, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Hibernate with JPA, Restful Web Services, Microservices, JDBC, Maven, JSON, Angular2, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, GitHub, SonarLint, Aspera API, Denodo, AWS, Kafka. Knowledge of Generative AI. I have used Google Gemini AI API i.e. Vertex Rest API, Palm Rest API using LLM (Large Language Modal). Understanding of Apache Open Natural Language Processing (NLP). Apart from sound technical skills, I have a good expertise in team management skills, estimation, and project planning using Agile Software Development. I have strong analytical and communication skills. The major responsibilities included as below:
Setting up coding standards and best practices for development and deployment.
Rich experience on project development from scratch to end.
Code reviews and peer reviews as per the initial architectural designs.
Project architectural/control flow review.
Rich experience in MVC based open-source frameworks like Spring Framework, Spring MVC, and Spring Boot.
Experience in Component Based framework Angular2.
Experience in Devops tools for version control and deployment automation.
Client interaction on daily basis to share development status and queries if any.
PRESENT EMPLOYER
Infinite Computer Solution. (31st Jan 2024 – Present)
Designation: Solution Architect
PREVIOUS EMPLOYER DETAILS
1. Zamanzar Advisory Pvt ltd. (14th December 2007 – 20th April 2010)
Designation: Software Engineer
2. impetus infotech (India) pvt ltd. (December 2010 – September 2013)
Designation: Software Engineer
3. Tata Consultancy Services (October 2013 - November 2018)
Designation: Assistant Consultant
4. Conduent Business Services (29th November 2018 – 15th Sep 2022)
Designation: lead software engineer
5. Sonata Software Ltd. (16th Sep 2022 – 30th Jan 2024)
Designation: Digital Architect
Project Details
Organization: Infinite Computer Solution (Jan 2024 - Present)
Skills: Java 21, Spring boot, Microservices, Restful web services, AWS, Design pattern, Gen AI, MySQL, Oracle, Jenkins, GitHub
Role and Responsibuility: Application Architect
In running applications, provide technical solutions to the development team.
monitor the whole system, understand all interactions between components on a given level of abstraction, as well as to define limitations and requirements for source code.
Make sure applications are scalable and reliable, and assists enterprises in identifying gaps in functionality.
Discussion with clients to determine objectives and requirements for structures.
Prepare structure specifications.
Proposed microservice based application architecture in cloud native environment.
Project:  edcast marketplace(CSOD) (Sep 2022 – Jan 2024)
Organization: Sonata Software
Environment: Java8, Spring boot, Restful Web Services, Microservices, MySQL, Maven, AWS, Kafka, Jenkins, GIT Hub, Kibana
Business Requirements: The EdCast Marketplace started as a product marketplace for one seller (ITpreneurs) and multiple buyers. Edcast marketplace is a web-based platform that provide online and offline courses to the learner. The learner can enroll the courses and exam. In EdCast, the primary model for driving sales via the platform and to offer (sell) Courses (Instructor Led and Self Paced) courses directly to learners. A course is a complete structured learning intervention that results in a learner acquiring the knowledge that was defined as part of the course objectives.
Role: Technical Lead/ Lead Software Developer
Estimations of the development components required for the sprint.
Delivering a relevant technical solution based on best practice / experience.
Different critical stages of development and integration in or between applications.
Implementing software development life cycle policies.
Create PR/ code review.
Build and deployment the code in testing environment.
Daily standup call with team.
Project:  Lifeatwork (Nov 2018 – Sep 2022)
Organization: Conduent Business Solutions
Environment: Java8, Spring4, Restful Web Services, Microservices, Angular2.0, Oracle12C, Maven, Sonar Lint, JQuery, TFS GIT, JSON.
Business Requirements: Lifeatwork is a web based front-end portal for core RKS system providing benefit administration for Defined Contribution (DC), Defined Benefit (DB), Health & Welfare (HW) plans. The lifeatwork framework has evolved to become the flagship portal framework for HRS product. Lifeatwork framework is a presentation tier framework that is scalable, configurable and loosely couple. The participant (end user) can perform activity in the product like review their health coverage, add/update dependent, update address, initiate retirement, monitor 410k, update beneficiaries, make health election for self and family during annual enrollment.
Role: Technical Lead/Lead Software Engineer
Estimations of the development components required for the entire solution.
Delivering a relevant technical solution based on best practice / experience.
Different critical stages of development and integration in or between applications.
Established and documented metrics leading to correctly assessing project estimations.
Conducting code reviews for the development team.
Weekly Client interaction
Project:  CLUWE Integration Broker (CIB) (Dec 2016 – Nov 2018)
Organization: Tata Consultancy Services
Environment: Java8, Spring Boot, Restful Web Services, Microservices, Angular2.0, Aspera API Implementation, Oracle12C, Maven, GitHub, SonarLint, JQuery, IntelliJ IDEA
CIB application is a centralized exchange platform for facilitate secure and asynchronous file transfer between CLUWE and third party organization (TPO’s). This application provides capability of transfer clinical research data between TPOs and CLUWE. At high level, this application provides following features and function:
Role Based Authentication
Invitation and Registration
Project Setup
Data Transfer
Role: Technical Lead/Developer
Delivering a relevant technical solution based on best practice / experience.
Estimations of the development components required for the entire solution.
Different critical stages of development and integration in or between applications.
Working with team in US and local java developer to development and maintain of CIB.
Implementing software development life cycle policies.
Development, all layers, from database, to services to user interface.
Established and documented metrics leading to correctly assessing project estimations.
Conducting code reviews for the development team.
Project: bwl backup utility (May 2016 – Oct 2016)
Organization: Tata Consultancy Services
Environment: Core java, Restful Web Services, Denodo 5.5
The BWL backup utility is a custom application that will be used to backup content of Blueworks Live. The BWL backup utility will use Denodo features to back up the data in multiple formats utilizing the standard tool API and also provide Denodo UI based access research services.
The Blueworks Live is a simple cloud-based process and decision modeling environment that allows organizations to capture process and decision knowledge, collaborate across teams, analyze and improve business knowledge.
The BWL has export capabilities to provide non-BWL users with the access to process blueprint via PowerPoint, MS Word, PDF or MS excel files. Denodo is a virtual data base tool running at the customer’s end. Denodo has native features to connect to external system like BWL using its ITPilott wrappers.
Role: Module Lead
Project analyzing and planning.
Technical Design development.
Project documentation from project initiate to project windup.
Task monitoring and daily status meeting with team members
Project status meeting with client on daily basis.
Project: Data Movement and Repository - DMR (Aug 2015 – Mar 2016)
Organization: Tata Consultancy Services
Environment: Core java, Servlet3.0, JSP, Oracle12C, JavaScript, SQL
The DMR Provides a centralized user interface for management of database that is used for MQ series configuration files.
Interface and Host Query and Reporting.
Interface:  This contain relating data to MQ series routing information. For more information, this will also include Input and Output Source/Destination, such as a Database Query or file.
GBIP Interface: Interface specific to GBIP group of project.
There are two types:
Inbound GBIP Interface: Transfer from lilly server to GBIP server.
Outbound GBIP Interface: Transfer from GBIP server to any lilly server.
NON-GBIP Interface: This encompasses all interfaces for projects other than GBIP. These are from one or more server to other one or more servers.
Route: Route records represent MQ Series routes one server/MQ Series to another server/MQ Series.
Role: Developer
Design, development and maintain web application phases.
I was involved in developing different phases of application and architecture development activities.
Identifying production and non-production application issues.
Recommend changes to improve and established application processes.
Project: Tcs iOn (small and medium businesses solution) (Oct 2013 – July2015)
Organization: Tata Consultancy Services
Client: internal
Environment: Core java, OOPs, Jdbc, Mysql, Restful Web services, JBoss, Dice Framework, JSON, JQuery
TCS iON offers end-to-end business solutions by means of a unique IT-as-a-Service model, to Small and Medium businesses.
The IT-as-a Service business model of iON a cloud based ERP solution was conceptualized by TCS through close interactions with Small and Medium Businesses (SMB) solutions. The iON Cloud ERP Solution is highly modular, scalable and configurable giving SMBs the benefits of increased efficiencies; faster go to market, predictability of technology as well as spend, IT talent on call and better business results.
Role: Module Lead
Team management – I have managed five skilled java developers in my team.
Requirement Analysis – Prototype development.
Technical Design development.
Development, QA testing support, Post Implementation support.
Resolving client’s queries- this involves fact finding and providing the resolution.
Project:  web Application (dec 2010 – Sep 2013)
Organization: Impetus Infotech (India) Pvt Ltd
Client: Impetus.com
Environment: Core PHP, JQuery, HTML, Mysql, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse 3.3
Impetus.com is suite of software product development and technology R&D services. It’s singular focus on product development, high level technical expertise, an agile approach, and highly scalable software products for their clients
Role: Developer
I was involved in developing a web application using php environment for impetus.com, my major task included:
1. Development and maintenance of impetus.com including development of new module, update the existing as per requirement.
2. Unit level testing and bug fixing.
3. I have been involved to developed new module for sandstorm.impetus.com. Sandstorm is an automated performance and load testing tool that helps predict system behavior and performance.
PROJECT:  impetus Blog site (Mar 2011 – End of May 2011)
Organization: Impetus Infotech (India) Pvt Ltd
Client: blogs.impetus.com
Environment: Struts2, Hibernate with JPA, JSP, Core Java, OOPs, JavaScript, Mysql, Apache tomcat
Blogs.impetus.com is situating for discussion about the new technology and ideas. This platform for impetus employees, where employees register itself and start blogging their ideas.
Role: Developer
I was involved to develop different phases of web application using struts2 and core java.
Develop user interface using JSP.
Testing and bug fixing.
PROJECT:  web APPLICATION (Jan 2011 – End of Feb 2011)
Organization: Impetus Infotech (India) Pvt Ltd
Client: Bigdata.impetus.com
Environment: Struts2, Hibernate with JPA, Servlet, JSP, Core Java, Mysql, Apache, Eclipse
Bigdata.impetus.com is one of the micro sites of Impetus Infotech. Recognizing the growing importance of Big Data and analytics to data-driven companies, Impetus has built expertise in various Big Data and analytics in the proprietary and Open Source tools and technologies.
Role: Developer
I was involved to develop different phases of a web application using Struts2 and core java for bigdata.impetus.com, my major task included:
1.  Development user interface using JSP.
2.  I have used struts2 and core java to write the backend code.
3.  Unit level testing and bug fixing.
PROJECT:  Web based application (Dec 2007 – Apr 2010)
Organization: Zamanzar advisory pvt ltd, Noida
Environment: Linux, Apache, Mysql, PHP, Symfony, JQuery, HTML
Zamanzar.com is a startup in real estate domain, which offers online search tools to find property and online services to help complete the transaction. Within just 1.5 years from its launch, we have achieved an Alexa rank of less than 50,000 with about 1000 unique visitors a day. The technology platform is Symfony, which an agile framework is based on LAMP stacks.
URL: www.zamanzar.com
Role: Developer
Responsibilities:
Studying and analyzing the requirements and then designing of features. Involved in the implementation of core features of the portal using Php, JavaScript, Html, Ajax, Mysql, Symfony etc.
Unit testing of different phases.
Maintenance and bug fixing
Certifications
1. Sun certified programmer for java (SCJP) 5.0
Education
HIGHEST QUALIFICATION
M.C.A.
From UP Technical University, Lucknow
ACADEMIC QUALIFIACTION
B.Sc.
From Kanpur University, Kanpur, U.P.
Higher Secondary School Certificate Examination (XII)
From U.P. Board, Allahabad
High school Certificate Examination (X)
From U.P. Board, Allahabad
Personal
Information
Father’s Name    	Mr. Akbal Shankar Mishra
Marital Status	      Married
Sex                       Male
Nationality	           Indian
Date of Birth	      15th January 1983                                                              																											                          																																										(Manish Mishra)