Contact Me
Name: Ritu Verma
OBJECTIVE To contribute my experience and knowledge in attaining company’s mission and vision. This includes
analytical and technical expertise in diversified field of business support, audit, and sales analysis..
CURRENT WORK EXPERIENCE
Work Experience: -
Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.  (12-April-2022 till Present)
Senior Executive
Stakeholder Management
1) Interaction with all HODs at Pan India Level for Recruitment Process.
2) Understanding business needs on Manpower Requirement.
3) Facilitating clear communication on updation of Manpower Recruitment. 4) Coordinating with Vendors/Consultants for Hiring Related activity.
5) PMS (Goal Setting, Confirmation, Annual Appraisal, Prepared Appraisal File) all process were followed as per Timeline.
Recruitment
1) Handing complete life cycle of recruitment process from Sourcing, Initial Screening, Virtual/Telephonic Interviewing Analysis, Face-to-Face Interview process and co-ordination with candidates till they join the company. Looking after various job posts all over India, different levels including Head Hunting.
2) Expertise in the areas of Screening, Sourcing, Interviewing, Recruiting, Contract Recruitment, Salary Negotiation, Vendor Management.
3) Scrutinizing and Short listing profiles based on skills, domain, qualifications and relevant experience.
4) Posting the requirements in different job portals, downloading resumes.
5) Informing candidates about the opening, explaining them the job profile and company details.
6) Handling a Team of 5 employees in Human Resource Team.
7) Updating Recruitment related data on daily base.
Employee Engagement and Operational Activities
1) Handling Employee Documentation, Salary Negotiation, Employee Onboarding. 2) Preparing Offer letters, Appointment letters, Joining formalities and employment terms & conditions.
3) Processing Probation, Confirmation, Extension, Transfer and Termination papers of the employees in the system.
4) Maintaining attendance and leave records, coordinating with employees to solve their queries.
5) Providing pilot induction to new incumbents.
6) Handling Employee Grievances by understanding employee concerns, escalate to appropriate levels, and ensure resolution of the concern.
7) Organize employee engagement activities.
8) Facilitating the resignation formalities to the employees.
9358955706
rituvrm86@gmail.com
Address: Global city, Virar West
Technical Proficiency
HR – Operations
Leave Management
Joining Formalities (On-Boarding)
Exit Formalities.
Full & Final Settlements.
Recruiters MIS
Dashboards Presentation
Software Handling
Payroll/Incentive.
End to End Recruitment
Interest
Listening to music
Travelling
Cricket
Badminton
Outdoor Games
PREVIOUS WORK EXPERIENCE
Personal
Information
Date Of Birth: 15th May 1987
Nationality: Indian
Gender: Male
Languages
Known: English, Hindi and Marathi.
Torrent Power Ltd.     (16th Sept 2012 to 15th Nov 2016.)
Designation (B): HR (internal transfer)
Roles and Responsibilities:
Coordinating with technical departments across the cities (Agra, Bhiwandi)
Keeping proper follow up appointments.
Executing and updating the data in System Software like; SAP
Keep accurate records of monthly and annual figures on a computer database.
Create detailed HR reports to present to management.
Filing, Documentation and administration work.
Preparing reports for technical team performance analysis as well as Maintain MIS for
management review.
Handling joining formalities for new hired employees across the process.
Generating the employee codes for all the employees joined.
Sending Hiring reports to all the process heads on a daily basis.
Ensuring completion of reference check and criminal verification and coordinating with the vendor for reports for the employees and ensure that it is completed within the TAT.
Maintain various monthly reports, MIS analysis & updating recruitment databases.
Managing entire documentation that includes filing of the documents etc.
Actively played a major role in quarterly audits.
Generating Introduction letters for new bank account opening.s
Organisation: Torrent Power Pvt. Ltd.
Designation (A): Assistant in Finance
Department: Finance & Accountants: - Sept. 2009 to 12th Sep. 2012
Roles and Responsibilities:
Coordinating with Finance & operation departments across the city.
Operation Process - Developing process for data management for various verticals like- Finance, Cash Management, Job costing, Vendor data, petty cash.
Finance Management-Actively Involved in the entire Cash management which included the backend development.
Handled the petty cash for the finance department for day to day work and analyzed department costing.
MIS Reports – developing various reports for analysis of performance of sales team quarterly, sales report, lead performance report, sales incentive report.
Analyze business information to identify process improvements for increasing business efficiency and effectiveness.
Ensure that sales invoices are raised on time and payments are receive with regular follow up.
Managing the Lead Management System.
Ensuring proper and timely allocation of Leads to the sales team.
Implementation & training given to sales team for Sales CRM.
9 Organizing Training of various departments including internal and external training.
10 Coordinating On the job trainings’ and other events
DECLARATION
I declare that the above-mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge. I shall be highly grateful if you could provide me with an opportunity to grow with your organization. I will be looking forward to hear from you soon and will consider it a great privilege to be part of your company.
QUALIFICATIONS
Examination	School/University	Year Of Passing	Board
B.com(Bachelor)	Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar University , Agra	2005-07	Agra University
HSC	S. S. D. Girls Inter College, Agra	2003-04	U.P. Board
SSC	S. S. D. Girls Inter College, Agra	2001-02	U.P. Board
Key Projects
Conducted the Training Needs for Torrent Power Ltd, Agra (Team of 3)
Was a part of the core team in conducting the training needs of the organization through 'Gap
Analysis' and 'Nomination based Trainings' department.