Name	: Milan Shivaji Mohite
RESUME
Address	: Mansarowar Complex, 14/B/402, Kamothe, Navi Mumbai
MOB	8779566967
Email	: milan1406@gmail.com
Career Objective:-
I am looking forward for a job which would provide me competitive as well as professional environment that would help me to flourish, hence achieving self as well as organizational goal.
Educational Qualification:-
Bachelor of Engineering in INSTRUMENTATION from Mumbai University
(A C Patil College of Engineering, Kharghar) in 2014with SECOND CLASS 56.40%
Diploma in INSRUMENTATION Mumbai board in 2010 with FIRST CLASS 74.56%
HSC from Mumbai board in 2006 with 60%
SSC from Mumbai board in 2004 with 56% Work Experience:
Service Engineer in Labindia Analytical Instruments Pvt. Ltd (September 2022 to Present)
Working Experience on ph & Conductivity Meter, Automatic Titrators, Tablet Hardness Tester, Tablet Dissolution Tester, Friability Tester, Tap Density Tester, Melting Point Apparatus, Leak Tester Apparatus.
Working Experience on Muffle furnace, Microwave Digestion System, Microwave Synthesizer
Microwave Peptide Synthesizer.
Performed Installation Qualification and Operational Qualification.
Provide troubleshooting, diagnostic assessment and other technical support on Instruments.
Resolve technical service issue according to standard process and procedure..
Installation, Calibration, Maintains Instruments.
Give Technical knowledge and helping them to find out the suitable product to the machinery.
Giving Technical Support to Client.
Follow-up with customers for Instruments AMC, Spare Parts.
Service Engineer in CONTECH ENGINEERS. (August 2019 to September 2022)
Working Experience on Data Acquisition Instruments, PID Controllers, Indicators, Signal Conditioners, Transmitters, Vibration Monitoring Instruments, Infrared Sensors, Pyrometers, Wireless Process Instruments, Calibrators, Power Monitoring Instruments, Event and Fault Recording Instruments, Time Synchronization Instruments, Data Converters.
Done big projects in Government Sectors and private sectors.
Good Knowledge of all Control and Electrical panels.
Installation, Calibration, Maintain Instruments.
Give Technical knowledge and helping them to find out the suitable product to the machinery.
Giving Technical Support to Client.
Installation and Termination of Electrical Panels according to electrical Drawings.
Calibration Engineer in TOTAL CALIBRATION SERVICE. (February 2016 to August 2019)
Installation and Calibration Pressure Gauge, Compound Gauge, Vaccum Gauge.
Installation and Calibration Digital Temperature Controller, Digital Temperature Indicator,
Temperature Sensor, Thermometer, Temperature Gauge, Infrared Thermometer, Glass Thermometer.
Graduate Trainee Engineer in CEAT TYRE CO. (December 2014 to December 2015)
Completing all tasks set by the supervisor and assisting wherever possible.
Calibration of Electrical, Mechanical, Pressure Instruments.
Understand the Production Process of Tyre Production.
Academic Project Details:
Project Name:- Develop GUI (Graphical User Interface) for Surge Tank Control Level Using Lab view
Computer Skills:
MSCIT
Academic Industrial Visits:
Visited following companies as a part of curriculum
Dembla Valves Ltd, Bhiwandi
Gauges Bourdon Pvt. Ltd, Navi Mumbai
Hydroelectric Power Plant, Khopoli
Hobbies and Interests:
Reading & Song Listening.
Personal
Profile:
Date of Birth	: 14th June 1988
Gender	: Male
Marital Status	: Married
Nationality	: Indian
Languages
known	: English, Hindi and Marathi
Current CTC – 38,500 Expected CTC – 50,000 Notice Period – 30 days
I hereby declare that the above mentioned statements are true to the best of my knowledge.
Date: -	Yours Faithfully
Place: -	(Milan Shivaji Mohite)