ISHI BAKSHI Software Engineer | Full Stack Developer | AWS Certified +91-8847534902 @ rishi.bakshi06@gmail.com
SUMMARY
Full-Stack Engineer with 11.6+ years of experience specializing in Java (Spring Boot), Node.js, React, and
Angular. Proven expertise in designing and building scalable backend services, REST APIs, and cloud-native
XPERIENCE enior Full-Stack Developer	applications. Strong experience across the MERN stack, modern frontend architectures, and server-side
• Designed and developed scalable backend services and RESTful APIs using Java . Built and maintained modern frontend applications using React and Angular, Spring Boot and Node.js, supporting high-availability, cloud-native applications.	development, with hands-on exposure to AWS services including SQS, CloudFront, Lambda, and S3.
. Managed and integrated AWS services including S3, Kinesis, Rekognition, Lambda, delivering responsive, maintainable, and user-friendly interfaces
and CloudFront to support real-time data processing, content analysis, and media	PROJECTS Developed a Video on Demand (VOD) web application
. Implemented AWS Rekognition for content moderation and automated analysis • Worked extensively with IBM Cloud Code Engine to process Cloud Object Storage	VOD Captioning enabling users to browse, stream, and manage video content with a responsive and intuitive user interface. The
• Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins and Docker, reducing deployment time	platform integrates with cloud-based backend services to support secure video playback, metadata management,
Authored comprehensive unit and functional test suites for backend and frontend	and real-time status updates. Emphasis was placed on performance optimization, scalability, and seamless user
• Led and mentored junior developers across Angular and Node is projects, enforcing • Collaborated with product owners and cross-functional teams to document user modules, resulting in a 30% reduction in post-deployment defects best practices, code quality standards, and scalable design patterns	Technologies: React, Typescript, Bootstrap, Material UI, Custom CSS, Redux Store, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript
stories, technical specifications, and feature requirements, ensuring alignment	Cloud Based Scheduling Platform Designed and implemented a cloud-based scheduling system to manage time-zone aware, recurring, and DST-
across engineering, QA, and business stakeholders	availability, and reliable execution across distributed cloud sensitive events. Ensured conflict detection, high
Senior Software Engineer • Developed an order fulfilment and logistic project using React and TypeScript	Technologies: Java spring boot, MySQL, GraphQL, React, NodeJs, AWS library, Microservices, GIT, Docker,
Trantor Pvt Ltd 菌 04/2019 - 07/2021 . Enhanced user authentication and security by implementing OAuth and JWT,
. Optimized SQL database queries, reducing load times by 20% and enhancing user	Kubernetes, Helm and Travis
• Documented the technical specifications and dependencies of applications • Mentored three junior developers in test-driven development and pair programming STT Integration Designed and integrated a real-time speech-to-text capability using cloud-based APIs to convert audio input
• Actively participated in bi-weekly agile sprint planning	into accurate textual data, improving application accessibility, user engagement, and overall interaction quality. The solution was built using a scalable, event-
practices, improving team productivity by 10%	driven architecture and integrated seamlessly with Technologies: Java Spring Boot, Node.js, React, MySQL,
Software Developer • Worked on a SaaS project as full stack developer in React, NodeJs and MySql	Event Streaming, Code Engine, Object Storage (S3-
Wegile Web Projects 菌 02/2018 - 04/2019
9 Mohali, Punjab, India . Reducing the application load time by 25% by re-factoring inefficient code and	compatible), ApplD Authentication, Git, Docker,
. Initiated a corporate-wide code review practice, which improved code quality by	Kubernetes, CI/CD (Travis CI)
. I was also part of the ACE team for the organization to help on the web services	KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
AWS Developer Associate
16 27 Feb, 2025 - Credly
issues.	Mentorship Excellence Award Awarded for dedication to mentoring junior
Software Developer • Developed drupal cms project and managed frontend and backend resource	developer, significantly boosting code quality and
IT Atlantis 齒 05/2016 - 11/2017 . Analyzing the traffic, validating and fixing the defects reported by client . Aslo was pursuing requirement gathering, time estimation for the task and	team performance.
SKILLS
React
deployment	Java Spring Boot NodeJs
Python
Software Engineer Xcelence Web Solutions	Microservices Docker CI/CD
菌 07/2014 - 05/2016 • Involved in requirement design and implementation Mohali, Punjab, India	Angular	MERN Stack
Sonarqube
• Analyzing, validating and fixing the defects	Travis
. Involved in automation testing . Worked on design and test case document preparation	GIT	SQS/SNS
Event Stream
AWS S3	IBM Cloud - Code Engin
EDUCATION
Microservices ELB
Master's in Business Administration SVKM's Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies IBM AppID Kubernetes
AWS CloudWatch
齒 06/2021 - 06/2023 Q Pune, Maharashtra, India

EDUCATION
LANGUAGES
Bachelor's in Computer Application	English	••••
Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology	Native
菌 06/2013 ● Chandigarh, India	Hindi	.....
Dimploa in Information Technology	Native
NIIT
苗 06/2010 - 06/2013 Q Chandigarh, India