Jitendra
singh
Information
Security Consultant
Top
6% Ranked on Tryhackme
Email
jitendrasingh®71901@gmailcom Phone. +91 7078261901 @ Fatehpur jadoo near chola Rathway
-
As
« motivated and dedicated Information Technology student. my career objective is to leverage my
academi
knowledge and passion for technology to contribute to a dynamic organization | aspire to develop
my
skills in areas such as, cybersecurity, and network administration while collaborating with a team of
expenenced
professionals.
Working with a reputed CERT-IN Empanetied [T firm in VAPT of Web Application, Mobile Apps, Web
+
APT's based on OWASP Top -10 Guidelines.
Je Years experience in Both Automated & Manual Security Testing.
*
Deployed at NIC Propect, as Information Security Consultant.
a
Audited and identified 100¢ Web Applications at NIC (Cyber Security Division) for security
«
compliance and performance optimization
150+¢ Weh, Mobile Application & Web Service Security Project for Govt. and Private Sector
*
Working with a reputed CERT-IN Empaneted IT firm Majority of work in the areas of Vulnerability
+
Assessment and Penetration Testing of Applications and their mitigations as per OWASP guidelines
and standards. Also to provide Cyber Security Solution to chents which helps them to understand.
predict and mitigate cyber risk.
Excellent Creative and Analytical skills with problem solving capabilities
*
Hard Working and a Good Team Player.
*
AAA Technologies Ltd. (Information Security Consultant) May 2023 Present
-
In Depth Involvement in Security Audit/Vulnerability Assessment /Penetration Testing/Dynamic is
*
Application Security Testing (DAST) of Web Applications, Mobiles Applications and Web Services using
tools hike Netsparker, Burpsuite, Metasploit. Sqimap, Acunetix etc.
Experience in Static Application Security Testing (SAST) / Source Code Review by using like Syhunt
*
Tool etc.
Experience in Network Audit by using tool like Nessus etc.
e
Review /Analysis and verific ation of Audited Applications
e
Security Testing according to OWASP TOP 10 Security Risks.
e
Perform both Automated and Manual Testing of the application to find vulnerable part of the application
e
Provide solution of the vulmerabélity and help users to fix the issue.
e
Handling the chent query and providing them solution for patching the vulnet abalities
e
|
stabon
Summary
Experience