Akash Kumar
Email:Akashsiet@gmail.com
Current Address:- Chhalera Sec 44, Noida , Gautam Bhudha Nagar UP(201303)
Career Objective
Seeking an excellent opportunity & proficiency based position in technical and functional areas of
Quality Control enhancement that will provide an-atmosphere conducive to growth and achievement.
+ 8 years competitive experience in electronics manufacturing company.
Currently Working as a process quality Engineer
Job Responsibility:
●BOM verification and SOP validation.
●Key process parameters verification and Validate process as per SOP
●Provide a training to the operators as per sop.
●Maintaining the FYP & PY target.
●Maintain daily reports & daily basis data.
●Exceptional team spirit helping in the achievement of desired goals.
●Manpower handling & Line balancing.
●Analysis of Root Cause (5 why) & control process rejection.
●Provide training of new operator and according to new model.
●To achieve ideal production target with quality and full efficiency.
●Meeting daily production targets.
●Maintain daily reports ( information , data) as per requirement.
●To conduct training related to manufacturing process, quality and production.
●Responsible for providing on job training to operators.
Educational Information
Education Qualification University / Board % age
MCA Software Engg. AKTU Lucknow
73%
BCA Software Engg. CCS University Meerut
Work Experience
62.2%
Padget Electronics Pvt. Ltd
Organization (Dixon)
SBU Mobile Manufacturing
Practice 09 Oct 2023 – Till date Designatio Engineer(Packing Leader)
n
Organization VIVO MOBILE INDIA PVT. LTD SBU Mobile Manufacturing
Practice 23 April 2018 – 05 Oct 2023 Designation Assistant Engineer(FI)
CV CV of of Akash kash kumar kumar
Page 1 of 2

Company Profile
• Padget Electronics Pvt. Ltd (Dixon)-Padget Electronics Private Limited is a Noida-based
Indian company that specializes in electronics manufacturing services, particularly for mobile
phones and other electronic devices. The company is a subsidiary of Dixon Technologies (India)
Limited and has been operating since 2013. Padget has manufacturing agreements with global
brands like Motorola, Xiaomi, Itel, and Nokia.
• VIVO MOBILE INDIA PVT. LTD- vivo, a premium global smartphone brand, entered India
in late 2014, vivo has established itself as one of the top smartphone brands in India.
Behaviour Skills
 Good understanding of in-depth process knowledge and Best Practices.
 A result-oriented and adaptable team player & Fast Learner
Major Project
• Project 1:- Added parameters i.e. SD card detection, USB scanning, motor detection,
compass detect ability in Vivo company.
Key Skills
 Handler Mobile Assembly,Testing & Packing line operations
 Knowledge of Testing Tester Dummy test
 New Product Introduce(NPI).
 Knowledge of Measuring Instrument.
 Knowledge of 5 Core Tool and 7 QC tools
 Knowledge of Knowledge of CAPA and 8D Methods
 Knowledge of 6S and 4M rules
 Knowledge of PDCA, POKA YOKE and Kai-zen
 Knowledge of MES & MTMS tools , Long-cheer and SAP
 Computer Skills
 Microsoft Excel
 ERP/PLM
 SQL/BPM
 Personal Information
Gender Male
Date of Birth 24th March 1994
Permanent H.NO-363,Near Police station Gangoh , Phone +91 9756266605
Address Distt. – Saharanpur , PIN-247341, UP Number
DECLARATION
I hereby certify that the particulars given here are true to the best of my Knowledge
and belief.
(Akash Kumar)
CV CV of of Akash kash kumar kumar
Page 2 of 2